Your step at the age other block to add pages all you need do is be called Biddy's.
Add me because you are in a new page which are about does God does etc. OK.
OK.
Let's write a blog for this page is bogus.
When I write about
I'm going to write I will just add some time I'm going to say my name is Lord and this is my blog.
It's.
Is just the text.
You can customize whatever you want.
Just like the post we have all the features like we did on the last page.
You can also add a featured image like we do for the post.
OK.
So this is the About Us page so let's publish this page
about Asperger's published.
But this bill will not show up on the menu because we have not added this on the menu yet.
We will add in a little bit more.
The speech is created last year the contact SBH
so I'm going to ask the question.
They're going to contact us
I'm going to say you can't call me any time hey my number blah blah blah blah.
This is just four of them.
OK.
So this is the last page you can read whatever you want here you can add your email address you can
your home and your home address or whatever your company address or whatever you want.
OK.
So let's publish this.
You can also add feature image like we did on a modest page let's publish it.
OK.
All right now we have two pages if they go to all pages you will see we have two pages.
Dave we are about page Elco as these big refresh these two pages.
Dutch sure on other menu bar here because we have not added in the menu body yet but these are added
on the dollar menu.
These two are automatically added on the door and you buy over here.
OK.
Chaloner.
We want them to be on display.
Even you can do that.
Good.
A beer is Billiken menus.
You remember we have created a menu.
Yes we have a menu there.
Let's add pages to over.
When you see it is Shrake most recent pages that are recontact heard about you all.
We have three pages right now.
First is home page.
Second is about Belz.
Third contact us.
Parties are domestically created by the press.
OK.
Is very important and it should be on our blog Folbigg is the first burden that we see all over you.
So let our ad all of these three home about us contact us at the menu.
These three are added to our home page.
It's.
Let's it.
I'm going to refresh and DC will be sure of the main menu.
See this is the whole page about this contact about this.
This is the page we just created.
That is mirliton a blog that decided to contact us.
This is the contact us OK.
Like we created.
So these three are pages OK not boss.
This is the post.
OK.
So I am sure that you guys already knew about the and pages so.
So I just clarified it.
So if you have any problem any issue in any post or pages just under discussion and you guys already
know that I answer every discussion I never do like others some of the instructors that don't reply
to their students I respect the restaurateurs ask the question what do you have.
OK.
So take us through watching this video and we would also add a logo here.
This is the default the following.
It is very good.
I will show you how to add Lugo to her blog and we will show you how we can customize the whole blog
how we can add remove these videos these bording widgets and we will add some good video here.
Again we will do everything.
There are a lot of videos are remaining to watch or watch all of those videos and you will be master
in blogging.
So you guys were watching this video.
I will see you in the next video.